Thought processes

have lookup.pug only be the form with input, then have an output form that will have depending output on what the route that called it was. errors output to an error form, input by
the route, called if/else fails early (Remember: preform your checks, check for failure, not success. Check if the input is valid before you check what route to use!). output form
would be dependant on the GET output of the input form, with the search function called before, so that the input is queried, then check against the search, then output, then the
output form is called with the output as a GET (url). GET for input may be neccesary, though, so possibly POST the input form, search, check, return, then pass the input to another
form as GET (The output form!) so that the website is more cohesive seeming.

Instead of POST input, process, check, GET output, possibly use virtual URLs to post the input data, route to output form but use a virtual url so that the url is /search/, then a
search is made and it becomes /search/ayaka-talents while use output.pug.

The search functions poorly as a simple one text input, possibly have an input for the class, then the actual search term? Possibly use a dropdown then POST when a dropdown option
is selected so that things like talent selection, level and similar are simpler. Possibly have a character drop down when selecting per character, per talent, etc.

Maybe have sublinks when searching? Like search for a list of all character names then you can click on those options and get POST virtual URLed to a page with a wikipedia style
disambiguation sort of thing? or possibly, display custom results for the search such as when searching a character's name, instead of simply genshindb.Characters('Ayaka') and getting
a list of all of their profile information, most of which irrelevant, you would instead get a list of (virtual) hyperlinks to this characters talents, base stats, etc.
there arent too many useful options for these ( and most useless/uncommon ones can be grouped together, or simply grouped into a full character read out.) so having 2 or 3 resuable
forms for characters where you would only need to check the character for special traits such as MC having no passive or Ayaka and Mona having an extra one, which could be easily
accounted for in the talent read out. I would basically still just request then spit out data, just with some data withheld on certain forms for accessibility.

I should get a basic read out working first, as an alpha build proof of concept, and so i can provide the stats for keqing mains.

Goodnight <3 10/1/23

Hello! The search is working! Currently GETs to /output, which can read the string with some inline javascript from pug! Current idea is to pass in the search export to output.pug view and input the search string, which search() then processes. That bits the easy part, processing could be a bit uhhhh. Going to start with just a character names list read out and defining a list of character names to draw from. Should possibly consider adding a system where it checks the input for the letters then matches them to words, to sort of auto correct. So something like matching to character, where it checks your input for c,h,a,r, etc.. then checks how many of your (one word) input was those letters, and then offers to correct that. Possibly offer the correction as a hyperlink, something that goes off the string but replaces the part with the auto corrected bit? Could be a pain but mechanically I know how do to do all of those things seperately, or at least know that they're possible.
Very confused as to the utility of POST to be honest, though now that i think about it it could have something to do with app.post/app.get? Personally I couldnt find any meaningful way to get data out of a post action, nor a good reason why i should try to find one to make it work lol, so I've left that be for now. Could have some utilty in the future, if i can ever get a good explination as to what the hell it does.
I've ended up handling the search query in a way I thought of early on, but dismissed because of how clunky it sounded. To be fair, the idea I had was a lot more clunky then the one I'm using now, because my original idea was to call a .pug script to just run, read the url, spit it back, and then the JS that called it would take over. That is like, completely impossible, or at least unreasonable, but what I've actually ended up doing is calling a .pug script to handle the view, but also to read, store and (potentially, not yet properly developed) process the url, through javascript, in an inline html script, inside javascript modified html, passing to node.js. Programming is so weird man. I learned html was originally intended for digital scientific report formatting, which makes a lot of sense to be honest. No wonder its really just words and a bunch of calls to JS and CSS.

Still need to get that basic read out working first, but I'm very close as far as programming goes! The end (of an alpha testing phase) is kinda sorta almost in sight!

Goodnight! 13/1/23

Not very productive today, got up late to really do much. Haven't really done too much except experiment, which has yet to yeild any actual results. I'm honestly not in the best thinking condition, so I'm going to throw in the towel and just commit these changes to a work in progress branch in the mean time and come back tomorrow. My main problem is not passing in my values correctly and my functions wrong too. Documentation on pug is honestly not the best, or maybe I'm just not smart enough right now to work it out lol. Watching chess games and chatting at the same time as I'm supposed to be working also didn't help much to be honest.
My current issue is: not having a proper way to use the search features with my pug view. The things I know are: I cannot pass functions as variables through to pug a normal way, but there apparently could be a better way to do it. I cannot get a variable from pug to javascript, I have to process all my javascript as apart of script html js in pug. I cannot use functions in html they will not process, they have to complile and return before iI call them in html. I think I need to ditch all my nonsense and just focus on trying to pass a function that process a request, with its function variable, then returns that. I think I can test that with input(input),
check an array for the input, then return a value. I cannot return anything except a string. I can, as far as I know, process the search?= query in the pug, and isolate the actual search term, with just some normal, no outside reference, js in html. I dont need URL() either, and even though I think I might be able to import it, I'm going to plan around not having to use it at all and simply filtering out the other parts of the code that i dont want with normal javascript if/else equals checks.
I hope it goes better then today lol

Goodnight :( 14/01/23 (2:10 am)

Been a bit rough lol. Jsons are so confusing why can't they just be normal man. Actually getting and displaying the data is done, just further formatting for things like the **title** things which i need to remove. I'm not actually sure if I need to manually reformat the arrays for talents? I think I will have to do some work on formatting the costs of things like skills and ascensions, and possibly integrate the images provided, but that ones for AFTER i figure out how to even display these properly lmao. Currently in the process of moving the formatting to the search controller, so that the json is formatted before the view file, then sent to view and can be simply displayed. Could be some further trouble there but I think i can do it :D. Might need to preform some shenangians like spilitting up the json into parts so that they can be DIV'd and then CSS formatted for things like tables? But I really dont know. Maybe if i can format and parse out the images and things like that, I can send them in one local array to the view to iterate over so that it doesnt have to do anything super fancy. The main problem is having to make everything so generic and versatile because of the different types of jsons, but so far all of my concepts should work with everything because it doesnt act upon the data of the keys, it simply displays them. Didn't get a crap ton done today, but solid progress none the less. Have to go back to school on Monday (its saturday) which is really cringe, I hope I can get my shit together to make a better impression and show up in normal clothes lmao.

Goodnight :) 22/01/23 (12:21 am)

Holy fucking bingle :3 I got a bit done today. I'm gonna kill (past) myself at some point if I ever reread these but the whimsy cannot be contained. Got the linux server working, at least for webpage stuff, which is sick! Currently just runs the website and all that, but it'll be good. I should really be working on this from my normal computer and just sending it to the repo then having the server update off that, but thats more of a live production sorta thing because my website doesnt need the main branch to be seperate for some live thing, its just because the dev/beta/prerelease/whatever fancy sounding term i can come up with doesnt actually work lmao. Coming along not poorly tho! Need to do alllll of the tomfoolery and or malarkey associated with JSONs and other forms of torture-like javascript objects but that is for tomorrow :3

Goodnight! 27/01/2023(2:35 am)

I've gotten the json key formatting working! all lone numbers that point to arrays are now automatically [bracketed], which is great! Back the old issue of not knowing how to actually use the keys with a json object tho. So far: objects only take either [brackets];which can be anything as long as they return a string, or dot.notation which can only be the literal class names in pure string form. from my current research, brackets can (?) kinda be used _with_ dot notation, by doing something like json["classOne.name"]. But that doesnt seem to work with further bracket notation (Stuff like json["classOne.properties[0]"]) but I did see something like json[varOne[varTwo]] which could be promising. Once I can properly attain all form data, I'm considering using something like tailwind to make a nice ui to display the things. I've only realised after possibly waking someone up that this keyboard is quite clicky I hope it was coincedence :( I've been self reflecting on some stuff that I dont have the time to write here tonight but I'll try to word it all out tomorrow :D. Gotta remember that some people in this house sleep smh

Goodnight :D! 30/01/2023 (11:47pm [Whoa so early omg!])

I did it! So it turns out that bracket notation is not actually only one bracket, even tho literally every example I came across only used one, when they often used 2 or more further path classes for dot notation. You can just do json[var one][var two] and that just works perfectly. Maybe I need to look into documentation more/better tbh, that seems like maybe they didnt state it because i mean, come on, obviously she's going to know about that its so basic yknow :3. Currently I'm working through yet another likely rookie idea where I'd like to construct new arrays as per a function and name them as per a variable, but theres no way I can find to do that (besides eval(), yuck lol). I'm likely thinking about it wrong rather then missing something, but I'm really not sure how it all works. I've got some sort of idea to use functions? But I really don't know how thats going to work tbh. I've been learning about javascript frameworks and I've very happy to learn that I don't need one at all as of right now, because all of them (Not including node frameworks or view engines of course) are for fancy front end dev stuff, which I'm not up to yet. I hope to format my data so that I can pass it and some CSS classes I'll add will format it all as per it being under _A_ header, As in something along the lines of if the value has multiple further values underneath it, Make it a header with sub sections, but if its something like "name" or "version", which has only the one value of itself, then it'll make it a normal header. It sounds fairly programmaticaly sound to me so far, but of course its in practice where the problems can be found. Also, I've realised literally today that I rewrote a fuck ton of built in javascript functions and overworked my fingers for no fucking reason lmao. I straight up reinvented the .split() function, and then used .split() in the same god damn function but I used it in the way you would where you'd actually use my god damn method. I need to remember more often that if the code is super verbose and repetive, you're probably doing something wrong. Already replaced that with my new beta(2)-copy IN PROGRESS final FINAL (2) branch tho, so we stay silly with it :3
Forgot to mention that I also like, rewrote the whole ass formatting system because of the bracketing discovery, thats what was the polyfill ish split() crap. Thank god to be honest, that code was so ass you can see how sleep deprived I was when i wrote it lmao

Gooodnight!! 2/2/23 (1:29 am D:)

I've done a thing again lmao. Not going to be in this push but I'm in the process of reassembling this whole project but with Nextjs to handle the front end crap and to simplifiy/replace express and some node stuff. Still in massive pre dev tho lmao I don't even know exactly how I'm going to do it. I dont know where I'm supposed to put my actual back end code? nextjs handles all this fancy front end and route handling and pre rendering stuff but I dont know where I want to put the actual code lmao. Maybe I'm supposed to just SRC in all my js into the routes? But that seems stupid. I hope it works tho because this new framework seems much nicer to use.

Goodnight! 3/2/23 (1:15am sadge)

FUck your stupidfucking hydraitisonsding just put the script in you stupid bitch oh my god
goodnight :( 5/2/23 (2:08, i did this shit to myself)


I hate json i hate json i hate json i hate json i hate json oh my godjust give me the keys its not that hard oh my god please bro come on ill be nice im trying to be nice just give me tghe keys man i want ot css 

Good evening? 19/02/23, 8:05pm. Not sleeping right now tho